Add utils documentation (#188)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/Utilities.md

# Utilities

> The following documentation provides context, reasoning, and examples for methods found in `tests/utils.py`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following documentation provides context, reasoning, and examples for methods and constants found in `tests/utils.py`.  
```

> Expect this module to evolve (as it has already done).

## Table of Contents

* [Constants](#constants)
* [Strings](#strings)
  * [`str_to_felt`](#str_to_felt)
  * [`felt_to_str`](#felt_to_str)
* [Uint256](#uint256)
  * [`uint`](#uint)
  * [`to_uint`](#to_uint)
  * [`from_uint`](#from_uint)
  * [`add_uint`](#add_uint)
  * [`sub_uint`](#sub_uint)
* [Assertions](#assertions)
  * [`assert_revert`](#assert_revert)
  * [`assert_events_emitted`](#assert_events_emitted)
* [Memoization](#memoization)
  * [`get_contract_def`](#get_contract_def)
  * [`cached_contract`](#cached_contract)
* [Signer](#signer)

## Constants

> The Cairo programming language includes unique features and limitations relative to other programming languages. To ease the readability of Cairo Contract tests, this project includes reusable constant variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cairo programming language includes unique features and limitations relative to other programming languages. To ease the readability of Cairo contracts, this project includes reusable constant variables like `TRUE`, `FALSE`, or `ZERO_ADDRESS`.
```
